oh okay
oh they've pulled the cable out i don't
believe it they're chewing it
oh that's not good at all
[Music]
there right there they are there they
are look at them
one two
three and that's about the maximum
litter size for one female isn't it yeah
25 percent don't get through the first
month
and they're born with incisors and
really sharp teeth and their eyes open
and as soon as they're born they're
fighting one another
but by the time they get to this stage
it's all sorted they already know who's
top hyena
[Music]
so
much smaller
[Music]
oh it's just fantastic just come down
this is the cable being pulled by the
other one
i knew this would happen how long has
that cable been alive
oh they've pulled the cable out i don't
believe it they're chewing it
that's not good at all that's a shame
because they just plucked up the courage
to come right up to the camera
so the camera did give us the
opportunity to find out a bit more about
them i think from our point of view
what's gonna be interesting is
you know will these be the hyenas of the
future that might visit our waterhole
after a few months they will go
out with those adults and there's every
chance that they'll
turn up down there choosing a den so
near to our waterhole
and therefore close to prey is a key
survival strategy
that will help this clan grow strong in
numbers
[Music]
[Applause]
you